expand the examples section (#1344)
huggingface/hub-docs: docs/hub/datasets-viewer-embed.md

## Examples

The embedded dataset viewer is used in multiple Machine Learning tools and platforms to display datasets. Here are a few examples. 

Open a [pull request](https://github.com/huggingface/hub-docs/blob/main/docs/hub/datasets-viewer-embed.md) if you want to appear in this section!

### Tool: ZenML

> [`htahir1`](https://huggingface.co/htahir1) shares code in a [blog post](https://www.zenml.io/blog/embedding-huggingface-datasets-visualizations-with-zenml) to visualize a Hugging Face dataset within a [ZenML](https://huggingface.co/zenml) pipeline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[`htahir1`](https://huggingface.co/htahir1) shares a [blog post](https://www.zenml.io/blog/embedding-huggingface-datasets-visualizations-with-zenml) showing how you can use the [ZenML](https://huggingface.co/zenml) integration with the Datasets Viewer to visualize a Hugging Face dataset within a  ZenML pipeline.
```

<div class="flex justify-center">
<a href="https://x.com/abhi1thakur/status/1813892464144798171">
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/dataset-viewer-embed-example-autotrain.png"/>
</a>
</div>

### Datasets: Alpaca-style datasets gallery

[`davanstrien`](https://huggingface.co/davanstrien) showcases the [collection of Alpaca-style datasets](https://huggingface.co/collections/librarian-bots/alpaca-style-datasets-66964d3e490f463859002588) in a [space](https://huggingface.co/spaces/davanstrien/collection_dataset_viewer).

<div class="flex justify-center">
<a href="https://huggingface.co/spaces/davanstrien/collection_dataset_viewer">
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/dataset-viewer-embed-example-gallery.png"/>
</a>
</div>

### App: Electric Vehicle Charge Finder

[`cfahlgren1`](https://huggingface.co/cfahlgren1) [embeds](https://x.com/calebfahlgren/status/1813356638239125735) the dataset viewer in the [Electric Vehicle Charge Finder app](https://charge-finder.vercel.app/).

<div class="flex justify-center">
<a href="https://charge-finder.vercel.app">

> <img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/dataset-viewer-embed-example-gallery.map"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<img src="https://huggingface.co/datasets/huggingface/documentation-images/resolve/main/hub/dataset-viewer-embed-example-map.png"/>
```

Reviewer: think it should be this link?
